 Firmware Testing

Hardware & Firmware testing of a product involve firmware upgrade with OS upgrade and product upgrade.

Hardware Testing
Hardware testing is to check/ensure the functionality, stability of hardware component.
Ensure that it should not have process fault.
It also include the heavy workload task for memory and CPU to check the performance and durability.

There are many components involve in hardware testing like BIOS, CPU/Processor.
Test the hardware to ensure its logical correctness and to ensure that follow appropriate standards.
Using functional tests to determine whether met the test criteria.
There are the few techniques commonly used for hardware testing:
1. Software-based self-testing
2. ATPG (Automatic test pattern generation)
3. BIST (Built-in self-test)

Firmware Testing
Firmware is a computer program that is embedded in a hardware device that provides control,
monitoring and data manipulation of engineered products and systems.
The firmware contained devices provides the low-level control program for the device.
Examples of devices containing firmware are embedded systems, computers, computer peripherals, mobile phones, etc.

Importance of Firmware testing is the certification of firmware system meets its requirements with respect to functional correctness
as well as performance, operational, and implementational properties.
Then to reduce the risk and improve the performance.

These are the three techniques of firmware testing.

Tests the microprogram level that consider complete microprograms by analyzing their code or investigating the machine states after execution.
Tests the microinstruction level that consider single microinstructions by analyzing the assignment of micro-operations to them or investigating the machine states after execution.
Tests the micro-operation level that consider individual micro-operations by monitoring the execution
The firmware testing is huge and complex task to complete, to overcome this challenge there are some automated tools available.

Firmware Test Suite (fwts): FWTS is a Linux tool that automates firmware checking.
Tests that are designed to exercise and test different aspects of a machine’s firmware – including ACPI, UEFI, hardware configuration, power-saving and so on.
